---
title: FAQ
---

Welcome to the community FAQ.

This page is designed for one thing and one thing only: To help you all navigate
the common questions to cross our community.

# General Questions

### Where's the official Discord?

You can join the official server for The Broken Script using
[this invite](https://discord.gg/nullnullnullnull).

# The Broken Script 1.9.3

### Why is the moon purple? Is it broken?

Yeah... It is. It's fixed in the latest alpha for Minecraft 1.21.1 and a patched
version can be found in the
[Community Discord](https://discord.com/invite/thebrokencommunity) in the
`#mod-archives` channel. Replace the TBS jar with it.

=(

### Is 1.9.3 the unsafe or safe version of TBS?

1.9.3 is safe, it has no PC manipulations.

### Will 1.9.3 crash my game?

Yes. 1.9.3 will do what TBS has always done, you run the risk of your game
crashing due to the [entities](/wiki/entities) within, and/or they will ban you
from your own world. However Wendigodrip has been generous. He has included the
command `/TBS_config` for players to customize and control some of the events
and anomalies in TBS.

### Why can't I use commands in my world?

Perhaps [Integrity](/wiki/entities/integrity) is preventing you from using
commands.

### How to turn off VHS filter? The black bars on the screen? /removevhs no longer works.

Please try to use `/TBS_config`, you will have customization options in there.

### I want to use /TBS_devmode because I can't use /TBS_config

The reason why you can't use `/TBS_config` is because you don't have cheats
enabled on the world. Enable LAN, turn cheats on, then disable LAN, this will
allow you to use `/TBS_config` The TBS wiki community recommends against
`/TBS_devmode` as it is unnecessary however if it's absolutely necessary for you
to use it to configure other mods the passcode is ████. You can find it within
the files of TBS itself it can also be easily guessed seeing as it's an
important date.

### /TBS_devmode doesn't work anymore.

Haha... It does, it just does something very funny. You will need the community
patch to be able to use commands.

### Is TBS compatible with multiplayer?

There have been cases of individual players hosting TBS in a multiplayer server,
however with severe bugs and frequent crashes and Aeternos will not host it. TBS
is not stable in multiplayer and we do not recommend you play it in multiplayer.
However, I'm sure there are workarounds if you ask the community nicely.
Allegedly, TBS version 1.8 works with Essential and multiplayer.

### Why is TBS not loading?

TBS needs [Geckolib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/geckolib).
Make sure you download it.

### Why does my UI look weird?

Either you need to switch from English (US) to English (UK) or open Resource
Packs and put mod resources over default package. We use colour, favourite,
behaviour, etc. in this household.

=)

### Are there any faces inside the mod?

No, that would be a custom edit of the mod made by Swayle. No, we don't know
where to download it. Nor should you want to. It ruins the intended experience
of the mod.

# Spectrum_11

### What is spectrum_11 and do I need to download it?

[Spectrum_11](/wiki/spectrum-11) is a... To put it in simple terms for the
initiates here, spectrum_11 is an Easter egg of sorts, originally found inside
of TBS' files but no longer. This is because our host, wendigodrip keeps
forgetting to add it into the TBS he uploaded to Modrinth.

### Why is my game/computer lagging so much?

Please make sure you are not playing with spectrum_11 present in your client. It
has the ability to open PowerShell (terminal) to constantly mess with your
device's sound settings, too many and your computer runs the risk of crashing.

### Why does my text font look so messed up?

That's because of spectrum_11.

### Is spectrum_11 safe?

It is not. It seems that the invasive actions that was present in 1.9 have been
all isolated into spectrum_11. It's by suggestion of this wiki community that
players do not open a world with spectrum_11 present in their client.

**Do not play with spectrum_11 unless you are prepared for the consequences of
your actions.**

# Interactions

### When will things begin?

From what we've observed, it takes a while before events start to ramp up inside
of a world. It might take you a few nights in your world before you start seeing
more entities. If you want to bother Null, visit his [page](/wiki/entities/null)
to know more about how to bother him.

### Reputation system? How do you increase/decrease?

Reputation is gained overtime, if the player has a negative reputation so long
as the player doesn't antagonize Null into killing them again or destroy Null's
structures he will eventually forgive the player. Maintain your good-boy status
and he will give more gifts.

### Where is TBE?

Allegedly, he spawns on a specific moon phase.

# Wiki

### Why this wiki?

![WendigodripConfirmation.png](../../../../assets/wiki/WendigodripConfirmation.png)

### Can the information in this wiki be trusted?

Short answer: yes. All information provided in this wiki should be very
accurate, as the staff is always patrolling edits and verifying new information
with already known facts, the content present in the mod, and statements by
wendigodrip, the creator of the mod.
